⚫🔴⚽ Farringdon 3 - 1 Birtley Town Juniors Greens ⚽🔴⚫
I'll be honest — before writing this report, the game felt like a blur trying to remember all the key moments, so I’ll summarise it to the best of my ability!

This weekend, we welcomed Birtley Town — familiar opponents from last season’s league campaign and a string of summer friendlies. It’s always a competitive fixture between our sides, with close games and mutual respect after the final whistle. But yesterday was another standout display on home turf against a tough opponent.

Our message to the boys before the game was to stay compact in midfield and sit deep as a defensive unit with two holding midfielders. We wanted to make it difficult for the opposition to get in behind, so we could mop up and break forward in numbers.

The lads were up for it from the off — pressing as a unit, closing down Birtley with intensity, and showing real desire to set the tempo early. A strong but recent partnership had formed in midfield, with Tyler being strong and composed, bringing valuable experience to the position. Bradley, having moved from right back to central midfield, brought pace and intensity to our game plan. During the match, he hit a belter of a shot that was a potential goal of the season — but again, the Birtley keeper pulled off a top save.

With the midfield setup, they provided great service to our forward three — David, Joseph, and Joey — all in fine form, creating many chances and breaking down the Birtley defence. Credit to Birtley, they had a cracking keeper between the sticks who pulled off some belter saves. One highlight was David’s free kick in the second half, destined for the top bins. He hit it with great power and accuracy — it looked like it was sailing into the net, but the Birtley keeper pulled off a top-class save.

David was very unlucky not to get a goal here, and we were gutted for him. He was having another brilliant game, playing out wide and also as a striker in the second half. Honestly, in any other game this season, no other keeper is saving that. But we know David — the next chance he gets on the ball, he’s putting it away.

Back to the first half — Farra were formidable in attack. We found the opener halfway through the first half, with Bradley bagging himself a goal, placing it well into the net. Farra were on the up now with the lead, having had many chances after this. Birtley were looking to reply, but Farra soon found the second goal after a few changes, with a strong bench today.

Dawson was one of those who came on to the right and took up the responsibility for a corner. He hit it with power, and it curved straight into the net! Dawson was ecstatic — and so were the lads — as he hit the symbolic trademark Kenwyne Jones backflip for us Sunderland fans out there. Class from Dawson, who was fantastic in this game!

At 2–0 and comfortable, the lads looked in control. But for a brief moment, we all know if we lose focus, we can let a team back into the game — and that’s what happened just before the break. We had warned our midfield to stay compact from any goal kicks, but Birtley found a massive gap and utilised it to get in behind and convert, pulling one back.
Gutted that we conceded, especially as it was exactly what we warned the lads to look out for. At half-time, with the score at 2–1, we had to keep our heads strong and make sure the next goal was massive.
In the second half, Farra were again dominant against a strong Birtley setup. It looked like it would be tough to get the next goal, but Bradley sealed it with another well-placed finish to give the lads a bit of breathing space at 3–1.

Towards the end, Bradley was also awarded a penalty — possibly outside the box; it was a very close call. I thought the initial foul took place outside, but unfortunately, Bradley was unable to convert and missed the chance to get that elusive hat-trick. Still, with the form he’s in, it’s only a matter of time.

Credit also has to go to the backline today — Freddie, Keaton, Lucas, and Oliver are becoming the pivotal difference in our games. These lads are a tough unit and difficult to break down. They were on fire — getting tackles in, mopping up at the back, getting the ball forward, and most importantly, communicating well. It shows how they’re developing as players. Jensen and Jenson are also providing adaptability to our game plan. These lads can get on the pitch and do exactly what we ask of them. As they gel into the side more, we can see they’re improving every week.
To summarise this performance: all 13 lads did exactly what we asked of them, executed the game plan, grafted as a team, and again showed trust in each other. An all-round team effort to make sure we came away with 3 points today!

Goals:
Bradley ⚽⚽
Dawson ⚽
Man of the Match – TylerSponsored by The Wedding Women and Andrew & Louise Tyzack - Outstanding performance today from Tyler in midfield — controlled the game with excellent tackles and composure. A confident and dominant display all round.

Parents’ Player – Finley - Sponsored by Steve Mulvaney - A very confident display between the sticks today. His improvement week in, week out is quality to see. He’s starting to read the game more, making himself heard to keep his defensive unit right, sweeping up danger, and pinging the ball up the pitch for counterattacks.

Thank you to all parents and our kit sponsors — Swim City and T W kitchen & Bedroom installation  also to our player sponsors for today’s support.

Thanks to Birtley for the game — a brilliant set of lads and great support from their parents on the sidelines. Also, to the coach of Birtley, we wish the team the best of luck for the season until we meet again in the return fixture!

Our next fixture is at home against Consett Blackfyne Jaguars in the next round of the cup. All we know is that Consett are in decent form, and we expect this to be our toughest test of the season.