🔴⚫️Farringdon Match Report⚫️🔴

Farringdon vs Wearside FC Golds
- First game of the season today for the lads against a familiar opposition of Wearside FC, who we have played in pre-season earlier this year. Before we got underway, we took a moment to have a minute's silence for a fellow friend of both teams Ian Hilles, who is sadly no longer with us but was was very much involved with grassroots football and well known amongst teams in the Sunderland area.

Match - Before kick off our message to the boys was to work hard and work together as a team, linking up with quick passing to open up the oppositon and test the keeper when given the chance. From the kick off Farra started off promising getting into the final third but Wearside who looked strong were well organised to hold us off and also cause us some issues in our own half. 

The game looked like anyone could grab a goal with it being quite end to end and great indivudal battles been won. With our intensity, Farra won the ball back and counter attacked for Sonny to place a pass to Tyler to slot one into the bottom left corner to give Farra their first goal of the season.

I was hoping we could build on this with a one goal lead but Wearside reamined strong and we just couldn't find that extra well needed goal to get us comfortable into the game. Wearside caused us issues and towards the end Finley pulled off a fantastic block forcing the wearside striker onto a tight angle. to help Farra secure the 3 points. 

Full time Farra 1 - 0 Wearside.

Summary - I thought this was hard earned win, the lads were strong in defence with our back 3 mopping up and our midfield and attack linking up well to create chances. Some good classic challenges were going on, and I love to see that determination from the lads for their desire to win games. 

Thank you to parents for your support today and our sponsors Swim City and T W kitchen & Bedroom installation  our new home kit will be arriving soon, thanks to these two amazing sponsors!

Man of the Match - Lucas - Lucas has been adapting to a new position within the team, and it goes without saying that he was brilliant today putting in those tackles, composure on the ball and picking out the lads to get up the pitch.

Parents Player - Joseph - Joseph our mini Messi, was awesome with his technique bringing down the ball and skills on the wing taking on the opposition. When Joseph is at it, he can be an absolute defender's nightmare! - Joseph is also sponsored by Tanerife tanning and beauty salon and @Deyl Barrs Gas and Heating Services.

Goals 
Tyler ⚽️ - Sponsored by The Wedding Women & Andrew and Louise Tyzack